chore: add more detailed docs for divvi integration (#142)
divvi-xyz/docs: docs/protocol/frontends.md

# Frontend Integration

> This guide explains how to integrate a frontend with **divvi V0** to register user referrals and receive rewards.

Reviewer: nit: we should be consistent, here it's `divvi V0` but later I've seen `divvi v0`

And maybe we should capitalize `Divvi`?

## Registry Contract Details

- **Contract Address**: `0xba9655677f4e42dd289f5b7888170bc0c7da8cdc`
- **Networks**:
  - Arbitrum One
  - Optimism Mainnet
  - Polygon POS Mainnet
  - Celo Mainnet
  - Base Mainnet

> - **ABI**: [Available here](https://github.com/mobilestack-xyz/funding-layer/blob/main/abis/Registry.ts)

Reviewer: Would be nice to link to block explorers.

Also I think it would be better to point users to get the ABI from the explorers since the contract is verified.

  account,
}).extend(publicActions)

const supportedProtocols = ['protocol1', 'protocol2']
const protocolsHex = supportedProtocols.map((protocol) =>
  stringToHex(protocol, { size: 32 }),
)

const isUserRegisteredForProtocols = await client.readContract({
  address: REGISTRY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
  abi: registryContractAbi,
  functionName: 'isUserRegistered',
  args: [account.address, protocolsHex],
})

const protocolsToRegisterHex = protocolsHex.filter(
  (_, index) => !isUserRegisteredForProtocols[index],
)
```

### Submitting a Registration Transaction

For the protocols that the user is not already registered for, your frontend should send a transaction to register them.

```typescript
import { encodeFunctionData } from 'viem'

const referrerId = 'awesome-frontend'
const referrerIdHex = stringToHex(referrerId, { size: 32 })

const registrationTransaction = {
  from: walletAddress,
  to: REGISTRY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
  data: encodeFunctionData({
    abi: registryContractAbi,
    functionName: 'registerReferrals',
    args: [referrerIdHex, protocolsToRegisterHex],
  }),
}

const hash = await client.sendTransaction(registrationTransaction)
```

### Confirming Registration

> After submitting the transaction, listen for the `ReferralRegistered` event(s) to confirm the registration was successful.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the transaction succeeded then it is guaranteed all passed protocols were registered.

Though you can read `ReferralRegistered` event(s) to confirm all registered protocols.
```
